welcome to suicide fantasy football com
coming to you from the war room this is
actually our second home were room we
got a couple of them talking about boss
trun and backs in fantasy football 2011
you want to start Jim go ahead Tom no
boss are so let me show you because the
first bus that I'm gone with probably
gonna get all those guys call me fat
turd all the other stuff he leave on the
comment that are in fact there you go
yeah there's that way she'll be f'd are
not fat oh yeah at least they got your
right for you yeah I'm going first one
is Jamaal Charles he's the boss of the
year now when I say bust I'm not saying
that he's not going to be 9 10 11 12 and
points but he's not going to be 2 3 4 5
like people predicted on the state /
calling him number 13 they're safe I
don't trust Matt Cassel I don't like the
Kansas City offensive line I'm not in
love with anything they do I think they
snuck up on people last year yep
mccluster loses carries at the goal line
with McClain there they McLaws I mean
that Charles loses guys McCluster is
going to take away some of this time on
the stump out passes there's just a lot
of little itty bitty dinky weapons there
I don't think Jamal Charles has taken
anybody by surprise I think the Raiders
defense is a little bit better than they
were last year playing against them
twice here i think the defense's in
Denver also was a little bit better than
they were last year so I think that his
comp is division has gotten a little
tougher on the defensive side of the
ball and I think he's gonna be like I
said not horrible fall off the face of
the earth guy but I see whoever drafts
him is going to be upset that they
didn't take somebody else ahead I see
him his dish years DeAngelo Williams he
could be and now my fall off the face of
the earth guy is MJ day Maurice
jones-drew he's he's a little fireplug
kind of guy those little guys that had
big frames once he start getting hurt
they fall off that's the way it goes
he's in the same mold as like you know
an earl campbell type runner he's not
he's not ducking under anybody he's
trying to run people over and his wheels
were already banged up so maybe he
misses six games this year maybe he's
only a hundred percent for ten games I
don't know what the number is going to
be but he's gonna be somebody who's
drafted eight nine ten eleven and he's
going to be he's going to put up fourth
or fifth round numbers I totally
disagree with you on MJ
I think he's coming back strong he's
looked good in the preseason he looks
healthy he totally stayed off of that
leg for a long time so he can recuperate
and don't get me wrong they are gonna
put eight in the box but I think mjd is
a guy where you're gonna get him value
wise if you had to pick them three or
four like you've had doing past years a
little bit overvalued but he's like the
tens of pressure on Peck he if he's a
first-round pick you're in a league with
idiots but if you can get him early in
the second round I'm liking the value
you get out of MJ d Jamaal Charles
totally agree with you so I'm baby my to
peyton hillis is gonna be the first boss
fine because he's just a guy who put up
big numbers no one expected anything
from him now all this weights on his
shoulders tell the real truth why cuz
he's a white dude no no why cuz the
madden curse close attention the magical
confident madden curse that's not why
I'm calling it you're probably right I
guess you got a factor in the madden
curse I don't think many people have
escaped it but that's not why I'm
calling him being a boss I just don't
think he's the dude that everybody
thinks he is he is gonna still be the
third best running back out of that
backfield in Arkansas all right Fadden
and better absorption you'll say Felix
Jones is coming through this year so and
I hate the Cowboys but I'm here's your
second ball my second bus is legarrette
blount I said if people rip me for it I
don't think LeGarrette Blount is
anything you know everyone wants to say
what he did for the box last year and
how great he was he's just an average
running back what punch yet i'm here to
say that I'm a big I'm not in front of
him where I'd be like I can't believe
like that one but uh really if you can
pick him he's not gonna last to the
third or fourth round and that's where
he should be and he's gonna go in the
second and people are going to regret it
so that's what I'm calling for my boss
Jim how bad you disagree with me I don't
think like our plans to second round
pack if you get him in the labor board
wrap if he's the if he's the 14 15 16
thrown back take and I think you're
getting what you should get but you know
I still think I think the whole tampa
bay buccaneers team is a joke I think
Josh Freeman is going to be a bust I
think Mike Williams goes back to be more
like the other microwaves than the
Michael Ennis played last year i think
the blonde is going to be okay i think
their defenses in that in that
conference talk about a conversar
Bob they're going to be Kellen Winslow
is the only guy in the box of black box
for six and time this year that's my
prediction something you're even given a
couple wins so that's what we're calling
for check us out you got any questions
email jim suicide fantasy sports com
check us out on facebook suicide fantasy
football or youtube videos and don't
forget you only got a couple of weeks
left to sign up for suicide fantasy
football the coolest way to play fantasy
football and you can even play it for
free college or pro Boston Boggs find it
out fantasy overload Wednesday 730 this
week seven o'clock special 90-minute
edition